evening to be hi hey um this is the
toilet 47 I think she's for tuning in to
my channel today okay well tonight
rather it's about 4 730 or whatever
don't pay attention to that clock
because the time is always wrong because
this little startled look need some
batteries and I'm putting batteries when
you pet okay I can't you with a small
hall today it's gonna hard I've been
wanting to get to but I everywhere a
monster snake annoyed okay first of all
we have a store here call girlfriends
where I always purchase my bags and so I
recently went and I purchased two can
back well this particular store always
purchase my Louie Chanel's Gucci's
dulces and you know the name brand stuff
so this is the first bag that i got and
I'm actually carrying it right down way
down with a bunch of crap and this is my
this is my Louie and I just recently got
it and I've been carrying it it um he
had a black one which was why she
worried but I was gonna get that one but
I didn't I decided to get this color
because
he gives you the cup of the dust bag the
tag and all that stuff I did not get the
blackboard because I got a black Chanel
bag yes ladies yeah ladies Nugent's
beautiful beautiful beautiful i love her
yes it's a female all back should be
being office mel's all males don't carry
bad so what make this one a female back
baby one yes this is a Chanel and it has
an adjustable strap on the side where
you can strap it up or loosen it to give
it some lift and its really really
really nice inside and I just thought it
was really really cute he had another
Chanel and I was stood up for like 30 45
minutes just trying to figure out which
one I actually wanted to get he I don't
have a Gucci bag get so he had a mission
that I had my eye on I originally went
in to UM purchase a new coach bag but he
didn't have any coach at the time of my
interest but you know I like my back to
be really really different I don't
necessarily like running around with a
Baghdad 2010 other people have you know
so i did not get a coach because of that
he didn't have anything that was
different so he told me he's gonna get
some in some i have to go back and see
whatever else i decide to get i will let
you guys know now i went to my old Logan
and I just step this here necklace this
was a dollar fifty i believe just trying
to get to something and I went to Taylor
over my sister we were out shopping
around and stuff and I got this is it
it's so pretty I love it everybody is
wearing these now so I thought this was
really cute and it was 799 at payless so
it's kind of like that's my God my two
different places I love when that have
to rush it look her shoes like so will I
get excited then I got this from the
mail and it's just a black beaded
necklace the matching earrings and then
I just got these bracelets and they're
really good happy so that made really
good and it looks like it's about six of
them in their short haul today that I
want
I really short but nice and sweet the
Chanel bag my heavy heavenly love it um
so yeah that's pretty much the hall and
that's it for now but I will be seeing
you guys a very very very very very very
big spoon so I thank you guys for tuning
in to my channel as always write comment
and subscribe this is a toy you go ahead
of hello Holly ha again let's try this
again people we're game rate comment
subscribe I'm soya 47 but I'm